THE UNS-CV RIO GRANDE
Cressidium
?.??.5016u
https://i.postimg.cc/XvGGV97B/Rio-Grande.png

The Ebro-class light carrier saw modest use during
the late Second Expansion Period, primarily as an
escort carrier accompanying second-line naval units.


The Third Committee’s reorganization of the navy has
granted it a resurgence as a fast and flexible
alternative to full-sized carriers such as the Amazon
class. Though smaller than its siblings, the Ebro-
class is nonetheless capable of fielding wings of
fighters, bombers, or mounted chassis (mechs
outfitted with special external packs containing
additional power plants, thrusters, armor, and
weapons for use in naval operations), and they serve
as effective force-multipliers or patrol vessels, well
able to handle themselves against pirates or hostile
subline-equivalent Diasporan ships.



During long patrols, naval crews tend to spend much
of their time in stasis (“downtime”), regularly rotating
in and out of active duty shifts (“uptime”). While the
Rio Grande maintains an orbit around Cressidium,
however, the entire crew is currently active and both
assisting with the logistics of transport to and from
the planet's surface – carrying everything from trade
goods and gifts to exchange groups of engineers and
scientists – as well as maintaining a safe watch over
the rest of the diplomatic mission. Fortunately, none
of Cressidium’s major powers appear to present
more than a limited naval threat thus far.


Without any immediate danger to confront, life
aboard the Rio Grande largely revolves around
maintenance, drills, training, briefings, and all the
other assorted sundry duties that come with a
posting aboard a naval vessel, not to mention
recreational activities. Card games and board games
(like chess and Kapkat) remain enduring naval
traditions, along with watching omninet media,
sparring practice, and competing to earn the top
score on the pilot simulators.